Document RTCIdentityAssertion idp/name and RTCPeerConnection.idpLoginUrl (#43735)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/index.md

  - : Returns a string that describes connection's ICE gathering state.
    This lets you detect, for example, when collection of ICE candidates has finished.
    Possible values are: `new`, `gathering`, or `complete`.
- {{DOMxRef("RTCPeerConnection.idpLoginUrl", "idpLoginUrl")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a string containing the URL to which the application can navigate to allow the user to log in to the {{Glossary("Identity provider", "identity provider")}} (IdP). May be `null` if no login is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a string containing the endpoint the application can navigate to, to log users in to the {{Glossary("Identity provider", "identity provider")}} (IdP). May be `null` if no login is needed.
```

Bit awkward; suggestion makes reading a bit smoother.
